Docs: Add MSQ and SIWS as authentication methods (#3047)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/identity/authentication/overview.mdx

- [NFID](nfid.mdx): A digital form of identity that allows users to use an email and password or their Google account.

- [`ic-auth`](https://github.com/id-daniel-mccoy/ic-auth): A modular tool to integrate wallet providers into ICP apps. Supports Stoic, Plug, Internet Identity, and NFID.

- [Plug wallet](https://docs.plugwallet.ooo/getting-started/extension-components/): An in-browser wallet for managing all ICP assets such as cycles, ICP, tokens, and NFTs.

> In addition, the following enable authentication onto ICP dapps using wallets from other ecosystems:
> 
> - [Sign in with Ethereum](siwe.mdx): An authentication standard that enables Ethereum wallet-based authentication for ICP applications.
> 
> - [Sign in with Solana](https://github.com/kristoferlund/ic-siws): An authentication standard that enables Solana wallet-based authentication for ICP applications.
> 
> - [MSQ library](https://github.com/fort-major/msq/blob/master/documentation/integration.md): A client library for dapps to enable user interaction with ICP solely via their existing MetaMask wallet using the [Metamask Snaps](https://metamask.io/snaps/) feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following tools enable authenticating with ICP dapps using wallet addresses from other chains and ecosystems:

- [Sign in with Ethereum](siwe.mdx): An authentication standard that enables Ethereum wallet-based authentication for ICP applications.

- [Sign in with Solana](https://github.com/kristoferlund/ic-siws): An authentication standard that enables Solana wallet-based authentication for ICP applications.

- [MSQ library](https://github.com/fort-major/msq/blob/master/documentation/integration.md): A client library for dapps to enable user interaction with ICP solely via their existing MetaMask wallet using the [Metamask Snaps](https://metamask.io/snaps/) feature. 
```
